---
slug: 'EnglishPod-C0041'
title: 'English Pod: The Weekend - Movie Trailer(C0041)'
date: '2024-06-28'
authors: baozige
---

## 原文

**Elementary - The Weekend - Movie Trailer(C0041)**

> A: In a digital world, even the stronger must fight for survival. Two people, possess a secret so valuable, so powerful, they have to defend it at all costs.
> B: I don't care where they are, I don't care what it takes. You find them and bring them to me.
> A: They only had one chance, and their change was to fight back.
> C: You want to play rough? Okay, Say hello to my little friend.
> A: With a little help from a Governor... 
> D: Listen to me, we have to get them outta there! No matter what!
> A: Nothing will prevent them doing their job. Double the action.
> D: Get down!
> A: Tripple the excitement.
Get down again!
> A: This summer, nothing will stand in their way.
> : I am going to make him an offer he can't refuse. 
A: Two hosts, one podcast, coming to a theater near you.





> A: In a digital world, event the strongest must fight for survival. Two people, posssess a secret so valuable, so powerful, they have to defend it at all costs.
I don't care where  you find them 

you only have one 





## Language Take Away

- Survival

- defend

> Example one: we have to defend 
> Example one: The so


## Frelunce builder
- at all costs

> Example one: we have to get this projects done at all costs

> Example two: you find the criminal at all costs.

- No matter what

- Stand in their way
> Example one: Don't let anyone stand in the way of your goals.
> I'm going to find that guy, and nothing is going to stand in my way.
> I don't care what happends. I'm gonna get that money, and you'd better not stand in my way.



## 学习感悟

这里女主持人问男主持什么电影对提高英语最好
男主人提到最好是小孩的电影，动画片，有非常简单的词语，但是都是最常用的语言，非常容易理解和跟练

看英语字母学习